[SCANNER A]
Please state the access code.
Below and above.
The only treasure
is the emperor.
The Successor of the
Black Steel is safe.
Salinger is who we
need to discuss now.
Let's skip that part.
The Eight Great Apostles always
have the most troublesome plans.
Are they still trying to take
a purebred into custody?
[RISYA] You could stop
them with a single word.
[YUNMELNGEN] Please.
It's not worth my time.
Besides, something exciting
has captured my attention.
That hasn't happened
in a hundred years.
It's too rich, isn't it?
A direct descendant
of Founder Nebulis
has exposed a grave weakness.
The witch princess is in love
with an Imperial soldier.
[MINISTER A]
Your Majesty.
I do hope we've found you
in the best of health.
Ah, Princess Sisbell
is here, too.
What an honor it is to
stand in your presence.
Milady.
Her Majesty is asking for you.
[SISBELL]
What does Mother want?
Sisbell, my third daughter.
I'm ordering you
to go to Alsamira
on an important mission.
Unlike Ein, Alsamira is
an independent nation
that hasn't declared neutrality.
We have intelligence
that they may be fostering
a relationship with the Empire.
I need you and your
astral spirit to figure out
if they're going to officially
side with our enemies.
This is dire.
I will not fail you.
[MILLAVAIR]
This could be dangerous.
Would you like to take
my guards for this quest?
[SISBELL]
I'll be fine on my own.
Please focus on your own safety.
Don't worry about me.
[SERVANT A]
Your Majesty.
We've just received word.
First Princess Elletear
will return soon.
[MILLAVAIR]
I see.
[NENE]
There you are!
How was it?
Did they find anything wrong?
[ISKA]
All clear.
After the physical they
just kept asking if I was
tortured or interrogated.
You guys?
They want us to have
another check‐up in a week.
That way they can
look at our fake crests.
It's the best way to
verify there isn't any
lingering energy.
[JHIN]
She's lost in her head.
We have no plan.
And her astral crest isn't
going to disappear like ours.
We have a week.
Not much time.
[MICHAELA] I can't believe
these flagrant violations.
I'll be reporting you
to the Imperial Senate.
[RISYA]
Ow!
Aw, come on.
I said I was sorry, Mikki.
Risya? What's wrong?
[RISYA]
Oh, you know, this and that.
[chuckles]
[MICHAELA]
Greetings, Unit N07.
I'm Michaela.
Medical coordination
team member. From HQ.
Hi! It's a pleasure!
So, um, was there a
problem with our physicals?
[MICHAELA]
Something is very wrong here.
I've reviewed your
mission reports closely.
The four of you are logging
far too many hours.
Military law limits
Third Division units
to no more than 30
consecutive days in combat.
We only extend that period to
45 days for special operations.
In other words,
you work too hard.
Under someone's
irresponsible command,
you fought against
the Ice Calamity Witch
and then immediately
performed a series of other
high‐risk missions.
If the public found out,
they'd demand to audit
our work practices.
[RISYA]
You're overreacting.
We just won't get caught.
[MICHAELA]
This is no laughing matter.
Right, so...
What does this mean?
You're taking leave.
That's a direct order.
Sixty days with no assignments.
[GROUP]
Sixty days?
[MICHAELA]
That is all.
You're coming with me. Now.
[RISYA]
Uh, bye, I guess.
Hope you enjoy your vacay.
Wish I could get some time off.
They're putting us
on forced leave!
That means the
astral crest check‐up
will be postponed,
too, won't it?
Don't mistake this
as kindness from HQ.
Think of our recent missions.
Any other unit would
have been killed in action
during them.
I think we're getting these
60 days as an attempt
to make up for sending
us off to our deaths.
Okay, now I'm less excited.
But this is a boon for us.
We have more time
to deal with Boss's crest.
We'll still need to be careful.
We could leave the capital.
How does that sound to you?
I'm on board! Smart move.
It'll look natural for us
to go away on a vacation.
Let's book a resort.
It'll be perfect!
Finally done.
That stack was from
two weeks ago.
Next. Please attend to
these remaining documents.
[yells]
I can't do this!
Look at this, Rin!
I have calluses from
writing so much!
Perhaps you could simply
use your other hand.
[ALICE]
You fiend!
[RIN]
I'm only kidding.
Shall we take a break?
[ALICE] I've been in the
study helping with Mother's
administrative work
for the entire day.
It's so monotonous.
I need some excitement.
[RIN] I can't help but think
you've had more than your
fair share of thrills
in recent days.
Wouldn't you agree?
Lady Alice.
No! Don't scold me!
I was smiling about work.
Certainly not the hotel or...
[RIN]
Here's your milk tea.
I took the liberty of
adding extra sugar.
Stir well before drinking it.
Sure. Thank you, Rin.
[fanfare playing]
[RIN]
A fanfare of someone's return.
Perhaps it's my older sister.
Then she's back sooner
than I would have expected.
She must be confident in
how her campaign is fairing.
I wonder how many
voters she wooed.
Who knows.
Shall we go welcome her?
Yes, we should.
[ALICE]
Sisbell?
Are you going to greet
our sister, too?
Please, join me.
Excuse me.
It's odd.
She seems like a completely
different person these days.
She used to be so
energetic and curious.
A dynamic woman
much like you, My Lady.
I don't blame her.
We're both living
in strange times.
The ministers are all discussing
who'll be the next queen.
It's really awkward
for everybody.
You know...
a vacation might be wise.
Out of the question.
Why is that?
[RIN]
Consider this.
Powerful astral mages
are currently concentrated
in the Central province.
Her Majesty is thinking
of spreading said mages
throughout the
Sovereignty in preparation
for a full‐scale
Imperial invasion.
I know.
But that doesn't answer
why I shouldn't be allowed
to leave.
Well, ma'am.
Lady Sisbell was given orders.
Quite soon,
she'll head to the East.
There, she'll investigate
an independent nation.
Really?
[RIN] It would be unwise
for both of you to be away.
Fine.
I still say I need
some excitement.
Let's be off.
[SCHWARTZ] Are you positive it's
wise to have me as your only
guard on this trip to Alsamira?
I'm sure.
You should know
I can protect myself.
I assume you've
heard the rumblings.
[VICE MINISTER A]
Yes.
Lady Aliceliese,
the Second Princess,
is the favored candidate
to take her mother's throne.
Meaning we need to make
a move sooner rather than later.
The palace is full of
scheming people like them.
I trust you.
But I won't put that faith
in anybody else.
[SISBELL]
My nightmare will come true.
There's a monster trying
to take over this nation.
Someone is coming after Mother.
I have to steel
myself and be brave.
After all, I'm the only one
who knows what is happening.
Problem?
No. I'm fine.
Let's go, Schwartz.
Mother. I promise
I will protect you.
So please be safe
while I'm gone.
Stay on your guard.
[MASKED LORD]
It seems Sisbell has departed.
I haven't spoken
to her in some time.
Of the three royal sisters,
you're the only one
who visits us
with any regularity.
[ELLETEAR]
Is my presence welcomed?
[MASKED LORD]
Most certainly.
Princess Elletear.
You've been busy.
From what I've heard.
I'm delighted a Lou would
take time to visit me,
a Zoa, so shortly
after your return home.
Of course.
But don't dwell on names.
Lou or Zoa, it shouldn't matter.
Especially at a
troubling time like this.
Is something the matter?
I'm afraid the situation
is most dire.
Oh?
Someone close to us
is involved with the Empire
behind the scenes.
Did you know this?
[MASKED LORD] What an
interesting thing to say.
That could topple our nation.
[ELLETEAR] I don't think this
person has become a pawn
of the Empire yet.
But still. This must end.
I'm fraught. What do I do?
[MASKED LORD] An intelligent
woman like you doesn't know?
Perhaps I can help.
Who are you speaking of?
[JHIN] The independent
nation of Alsamira.
If rumors are to be believed,
they may formally ally
with the Empire soon.
[ISKA] I'll believe that
when it's official.
[JHIN]
Agreed.
They're making too much
money with these resorts.
[MISMIS]
So hot!
It's not like summer.
I feel like I'm standing
on the sun!
This is so great!
I've been dying to go
to a tropical resort!
Already having fun.
Good for them.
Yeah. The Captain's safe here.
They deserve to
cut loose a little.
[ISKA]
But this isn't just a vacation.
We have to figure out
how to hide her crest
before we return.
[MISMIS]
Hey, Iska.
Blow these up for us, will ya!
Putting me to work already?
We barely got off the bus
and haven't even unpacked.
There's the Marine Hotel
and Isberia.
and the Grand
Illumination Group, too!
They're all super famous spots!
This is a total dream!
Let's go see 'em!
Wait for me, Captain!
Well.
Let's take a day.
Beautiful.
[NENE]
Sorry for the wait!
[MISMIS] It took me a while to
inflate my tube, but it's done.
[NENE]
What do you think, Iska?
Do you like our suits?
Cute, huh?
Uh, yeah.
[BOTH laugh]
[MISMIS] Okay, let's start out
with a hundred‐meter race!
Last one in's a rotten egg!
I hope the water's nice!
[JHIN] You can't even
swim that long, Boss.
I didn't expect the
breeze to be so cold.
Nights can get chilly
in the desert.
I wonder if the Captain's okay.
The beer completely
knocked her out.
She's rarely one
to indulge in drinks.
[NENE] Jhin, could you
take Captain to the hotel?
We'll pick up food
at the supermarket
and meet back there.
Don't end up lost.
Iska. Can you wait here?
I drank a lot of juice
and could use a bathroom.
Sure.
[NENE]
I'll be quick!
[ISKA]
Are you all right?
[SISBELL]
Ouch. Please excuse me.
I'm afraid I've lost my way.
I was focused on my map.
Wait.
It's you.
You're that girl.
[SISBELL]
Uh...
Um, are you...?
[NENE]
Don't worry. I'm back.
Huh? Why that face?
[ISKA]
It's nothing!
See, this girl behind me
asked for directions.
[NENE]
I don't see anyone.
Are you good?
Yeah. Anyway, we should
grab some dinner.
Let's go.
[SISBELL]
Is this possible?
The Saint Disciple Iska's here!
But why?
[SCHWARTZ]
Milady!
I was looking for you.
Please be more considerate
to this old man's body.
[SISBELL]
I found him!
Listen, Schwartz!
I found my dream knight.
The one I've been looking for.
I just saw him!
I need to fill you in
on what's happening.
Let's go back to the hotel.
What is going on?
We'll wait for night.
[ALICE]
I'm utterly exhausted.
[RIN]
You worked hard.
Rest up for the meet and
greet at 5 AM tomorrow
in the Queen's Hall.
Twenty people, including
guests from foreign nations
and ministers, will be there.
You'll need to speak
with each of them.
When did you become my torturer?
‐‐[knocking]
‐‐[MILLAVAIR] Alice.
Huh? Mother's here?
Quick. Get the door!
[RIN]
Yes. Of course!
[ALICE] Good evening,
is something wrong?
Stop whatever you're
doing and come with me.
[SCHWARTZ] There aren't many
people out in this cold.
[SISBELL]
Keep your guard up.
I'll only be a moment.
Stars, show me
the past you witnessed.
Are you good?
Yeah.
Anyway, we should
grab some dinner.
Let's go.
Milady. Are you really going
to ask this boy for help?
Yes.
Right now.
Where are we headed? And why?
That's the key to
Lady Sisbell's bedroom.
Yes.
She's not currently at the
palace, so she left it with me.
Alice, what do you make
of your younger sister?
Speaking as the queen.
It's my wish for the
two of you to represent
the royal family with dignity.
And yet...
I have different
priorities as your mother.
Right now, the officials
of the Sovereignty
do not have much
faith in Sisbell.
It would be difficult
for her to win the election,
but that cannot be helped.
And so my concerns are
of a parental nature.
My Queen. If I may...
Is that why you sent her
out on a foreign mission?
[MILLAVAIR]
No.
That was because she
was best suited for the job.
Still. I'll make the most
of her absence.
I'm worried about Sisbell.
What is she doing
cooped up in her room?
Out of sight all day.
A mother wonders.
It's only natural.
We're by your side. Let's go.
This hotel's owned by
the Jarmrick Company.
It's a well‐known site.
Considered to be
somewhat upscale.
[SISBELL] Where an Imperial
soldier might stay on his
vacation?
[SCHWARTZ]
Yes.
If they're here on a secret
op from the Empire,
it would be wise
to choose a nice hotel
or one with an affiliation
to their homeland.
Even better.
Proceed as planned.
[MILLAVAIR]
We'll take what time we need.
The two of you can
search together.
[ALICE]
Right. Lead the way.
'Scuse me. Hi?
[ISKA]
An assassin?
[SISBELL grunts]
I never thought I'd end
up snooping around
my little sister's bedroom.
[ISKA]
Who do you work for?
The Sovereignty?
[SISBELL] No, this is a
misunderstanding! I swear!
You again?
That's right.
I didn't come here to harm you.
[ALICE]
Impossible. Sisbell knows Iska?
But how?
[SISBELL] Saint Disciple,
there's something I need
to talk to you about.
[ISKA]
Go on.
I have a request.
Come back to the
Sovereignty with me.